MIT License
Copyright © 2016-2017 SLikeSoft™ UG (haftungsbeschränkt)


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------------------------------------------------
END OF LICENSE

Since we provide this library completely free of charge, we'd appreciate any
donation you'd like to grant us (check out our web page for details at
https://www.slikesoft.com/?page_id=1437&lang=en).
With your donation you directly support the future development of the library.

For further information regarding licensing please refer to chapter 7 in the
readme.txt file alongside this license.txt file.

In case a future version of SLikeNet is distributed under different license
terms, you may alternatively choose to use this version of SLikeNet under those
later license terms.

If you are distributing the SLikeNet source, we also explicitly permit you to
rename (and move) the license.txt file to a different location within the
package without having to update all the references to the location of the
license.txt file, as long as you make it clear in any accompanying
documentation where to locate the license terms and clarify that the source
code references outdated locations.

Also we'd like to state that you are not allowed (without prior written
permission from SLikeSoft) to suggest that you, your company, and/or your
product is affiliated with SLikeSoft.

Please see chapter 7.2 and chapter 2.4 in the readme.txt file for information
about licensed 3rd-party software/code SLikeNet is based on. We'd especially
like to point out the RakNet License (see chapter 7.2.1 in readme.txt,
licenses/RakNet License.txt, and licenses/RakNet Patents.txt) since SLikeNet is
derived from RakNet.

In addition to the licensing requirements, we'd appreciate if you are
considering the following legally NON binding requests:
- send us a short mail (info@slikesoft.com) to let us know that you are using
our library in your product
- mention in your product / on your webpage that you are using SLikeNet
(provide a link to https://www.slikenet.com/ on your webpage)
- allow us to put your product/company name on our webpage as a reference that
you are using SLikeNet

As mentioned: None of these optional requests are binding. If you don't feel
like following any of these requests, we are still glad you decided to use our
network library, nevertheless.